{m365_defender,microsoft_defender_endpoint}: Add mapping and transform for CDR workflows (#14809)
elastic/integrations: packages/m365_defender/_dev/build/docs/README.md

  - Client Secret
  - Tenant ID

#### Data Retention and ILM Configuration

> A full sync pulls in a large volume of data, which can lead to storage issues or index overflow over time. To avoid this, we've set up an Index Lifecycle Management (ILM) policy that automatically deletes data older than 7 days. This helps keep storage usage under control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full sync pulls in a large volume of data, which can lead to storage issues or index overflow over time. To avoid this, we have set up an Index Lifecycle Management (ILM) policy that automatically deletes data older than 7 days. This helps keep storage usage under control.
```

Author: Done in [e608bbb](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/pull/14809/commits/e608bbb5341442e3e2a63d2fb2066e0fa9669351)
